docs: Add Governance Documentation (#1056)
project-copacetic/copacetic: GOVERNANCE.md

  positions.

## Maintainers

Copacetic Maintainers have write access to the [project GitHub repository](https://github.com/project-copacetic/copacetic).
They can merge their own patches or patches from others. The current maintainers
can be found in [MAINTAINERS.md](./MAINTAINERS.md).  Maintainers collectively manage the project's
resources and contributors.

This privilege is granted with some expectation of responsibility: maintainers
are people who care about the Copacetic project and want to help it grow and
improve. A maintainer is not just someone who can make changes, but someone who
has demonstrated their ability to collaborate with the team, get the most
knowledgeable people to review code and docs, contribute high-quality code, and
follow through to fix issues (in code or tests).

A maintainer is a contributor to the project's success and a citizen helping
the project succeed.

The collective team of all Maintainers is known as the Maintainer Council, which
is the governing body for the project.

Maintainer responsibilities and other role descriptions can be found in the [contributor ladder](./CONTRIBUTOR_LADDER.md).

> 

Reviewer: I dont think this exists yet, lets make sure to merge this after the contributor ladder

Author: SGTM

## Code Changes
All code changes should go through the Pull Request (PR) process. PRs should only be merged after receiving approval (via GitHub) from at least one other maintainer.
We do not vote formally on every code change, but we do expect that every code change merged has the same community support as if the change were approved by a formal vote. When a merge occurs without sufficient community support, the change should be reverted until the dispute is resolved through discussion. Any team member who feels that a technical decision cannot be reached can call for a formal vote following the rules outlined below in either the PR or a separate issue.

## Meetings

Time zones permitting, Maintainers are expected to participate in the public
developer meeting, which occurs

> at a bi-weekly cadence.  

Reviewer: can we link to the meeting info from the readme?

Author: Linked in the newest commit

Reviewer: the link isnt showing up in view file, I think there is an extra set of parentheses

Author: Oops good catch - just updated again.

approves the application. If nobody objects in 5 working days (U.S.), the nomination is accepted. Maintainers nominations will be evaluated without prejudice
to employer or demographics.

Maintainers who are selected will be granted the necessary GitHub rights.

### Removing a Maintainer

Maintainers may resign at any time if they feel that they will not be able to
continue fulfilling their project duties.

Maintainers may also be removed after being inactive, failure to fulfill their 
Maintainer responsibilities, violating the Code of Conduct, or other reasons.
Inactivity is defined as a period of very low or no activity in the project 
for a year or more, with no definite schedule to return to full Maintainer 
activity.

A Maintainer may be removed at any time by a 2/3 vote of the remaining maintainers.

Depending on the reason for removal, a Maintainer may be converted to Emeritus
status.  Emeritus Maintainers will still be consulted on some project matters,
and can be rapidly returned to Maintainer status if their availability changes.

> 

Reviewer 2: Can you please add this?

```suggestion
### Code Changes

All code changes should go through the Pull Request (PR) process. PRs should only be merged after receiving approval (via GitHub) from at least one other maintainer.

We do not vote formally on every code change, but we do expect that every code change merged has the same community support as if the change were approved by a formal vote. When a merge occurs without sufficient community support, the change should be reverted until the dispute is resolved through discussion. Any team member who feels that a technical decision cannot be reached can call for a formal vote following the rules outlined above in either the PR or a separate issue.
```

Author: Added

Time zones permitting, Maintainers are expected to participate in the public
developer meeting, which occurs
at a bi-weekly cadence.  

Maintainers will also have closed meetings in order to discuss security reports
or Code of Conduct violations.  Such meetings should be scheduled by any
Maintainer on receipt of a security issue or CoC report.  All current Maintainers
must be invited to such closed meetings, except for any Maintainer who is
accused of a CoC violation.

## CNCF Resources

Any Maintainer may suggest a request for CNCF resources, either in the
[mailing list](https://groups.google.com/g/project-copa), or during a
meeting.  A simple majority of Maintainers approves the request.  

## Security Response Team

The Maintainers will serve as a Security Response Team to handle security reports. The Security Response Team is responsible for handling all reports of security
holes and breaches according to the [security policy](./SECURITY.md).

## Voting

While most business in Project Copacetic is conducted by "[lazy consensus](https://community.apache.org/committers/lazyConsensus.html)", 
periodically the Maintainers may need to vote on specific actions or changes.

> A vote can be taken on [the developer mailing list](TODO) or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A vote can be taken on [the developer mailing list](https://groups.google.com/g/project-copa) or
```

Author: Added
